Hey everyone, it is nice to see that some are discussing specific Convex support for Angular.

I am just getting started with a new project to replace a FileMaker solution which had a few features that allowed the user to open
a file manager on either MacOS or Windows. There are so many limitations with FileMakers layouts and design that I wanted to get into something more flexible.

NOTE: I am relatively new to web development, I understand a lot of the basics and have a decent understanding of databases, but I am new to this so I hope my
opinions and questions are not too naive.

So I decided to try building with web technologies and that has that been an interesting learning curve. Started with React and didn't like how much you had to piece together
so I tried Angular at around Angular v18 and really liked the structure and opinionated nature of the framework. I like the routing, signals, Typescript focus, 
and it had Angular/Material for UI components.

The Angular framework seems to be iterating at a very quick pace and the changes they are making I think are making it such a great framework to work with.
Angular v20 is what I am building with and opting it for zoneless and using signals. RxJS observibles seemed to hurt my brain a bit. So I am glad I don't have to use them... so far.

When I started working out which functionality I needed to make sure could be implemented the requirment for being able to open the file manager on either MacOS or Windows was a big one.
So this project now is an Electron application that uses Angular for the front-end. (Add to the learning curve)

Now it was time to decide on a database, I leaned heavily on Firebase seeing how it was a Google product and well Angular is essentially backed by Google.
It provided Firebase/Auth, Firebase/Firestore, and Firestore Rules that would couple Firebase/Firestore nicely with Firebase/Auth.
It had a nice dashboard to manage the database and rules, and it was easy to get started with.

I started with the AngularFire library to integrate Firebase with Angular. But quickly had issues with it because it was still using RxJS observables and 
I was trying to use Angular signals. So then I got it working with the Firebase JavaScript SDK directly, which was a bit of a pain to get setup.
It also was a pain to project what the read and write costs would be as I was still unsture how I was going to structure the data, what quries I would need,
how would I seach large collections when the search needed to be on data from a related collection, how could I make this performant and cost effective.
It introduced denormalizing data, which I was not a fan of, but I understood its just how NoSQL databases work. I couldn't define the database with a formal 
schema like I could with FileMaker.

So, I started to look back into SQL database solutions. Supabase was now up for consideration as it provided a seemingly integrated solution, Auth + Database, and Row Level Security
it would add to the learning curve to create the SQL queries, but I could use the Postgres database to define a schema and it would be more familiar to me.
That was a heck of a lot more work to get going. 

Then I saw Convex and it seemed to be a great solution where I could define the schema and apis with typesafe TypeScript, 
all the code lived in my project so no going to the dashboard to define an SQL query that would generate the api endpoint.
But it seems like all the docs are heavily focused on React and Next.js.
I have been able to get the Convex client working with Angular but I tried out the 
